README.md, before:

# Homes App

## watch the [Angular Tutorials](https://angular.dev/tutorials/first-app) to build a similar app

### Since I already added the locations list to the simple 
### [Node.js & Express REST API](https://dummyrestapi.netlify.app/locations) that I developed,
### I thought it might be nice to have the matching frontend to go along.

### This is not my first app and I am not following every single instruction from the tutorial but I am keeping the app fairly similar.

### I'm also implementing some of the newer Angular v17 features and I'm using Angular Material ![ angular material logo ](/src/assets/images/icons/angular-material-16x16.png "Angular Material")

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

form validation with the new syntax and mat

README.md, after:

# Homes App

## watch the [Angular Tutorials](https://angular.dev/tutorials/first-app) to build a similar app

### Since I already added the locations list to the simple [Node.js & Express REST API](https://dummyrestapi.netlify.app/locations) that I developed, I thought it might be nice to have the matching frontend to go along.

### This is not my first app and I am not following every single instruction from the tutorial but I am keeping the app fairly similar.

## What I added:
- ### REST API to serve the locations data
- ### Angular v17 - new control flow and other adjustments
- ### Angular Material ![ angular material logo ](/src/assets/images/icons/angular-material-16x16.png "Angular Material")
- ### Form Validation with \<mat-error> - [adjusted this version](https://stackblitz.com/edit/angular-17-reactive-form-validation?file=src%2Fapp%2Fapp.component.html,src%2Fapp%2Fapp.component.ts,src%2Fapp%2Fapp.component.css)


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
